W
O
the pilot himself
you said
bush
that
reduce costs
from the start
W
laughs
only
richa
not
of
sunday
unicredit does not disappoint me river
second place in the ibope ranking
driven by good performance
the fan of the fan judged a video posted on youtube he delivered a
petition with a truck
it becomes more difficult to access
we have to continue like this
together with the ricardo our world new hamburg last Sunday
the hulu of the line bus and has not changed much
we want it to continue with a minute and a half
we have difficult game
this is
silvino figueiredo
recurrent
so what's important is
what I wanted
he stated that he had not seen
volpi
color with the study
tombini then nobody said the leader
ae